---
layout: post
title: "First Cut"					# Title of the post
description: The Steps to create a blog like this and some credits to give		# Description of the post, used for Facebook Opengraph & Twitter
headline: Jekyll - GitHub - GoDaddy - Simple way to setup a clean blog				# Will appear in bold letters on top of the post
modified: 2015-01-09				# Date
category: Personal
tags: [Technical, Personal, Jekyll]
imagefeature: http://i1117.photobucket.com/albums/k591/codesiddu/DeathtoStock_Wired3_zps8d91db12.jpg
imageexternal: true
comments: true
share: true
mathjax:
featured: true
published: true
---

Buying a Domain, hosting the site and designing it yourself... I did all these to write this post. And not in a simple way. Not because there are no simple ways to do it. But because nothing fulfilled my wish list. 

So when my search for new hosting options took me to git-pages from AWS, I was curious as to what git can offer and it didn't fail to impress. I wanted to setup a platform which will serve as my personal portfolio site and blog. And there was this desire to use Angular JS. 

I setup a personal single page site with Angular JS (even though in my personal opinion, it didn't require Angular) and set my subdomain pointing to my old blogger site. But when I found out about Jekyll and similar options like Jbake, I was happy to scrap all my work and start setting up static blog on git-pages. 

Though I stumbled and experimented here and there with JBake, I finally found a good Jekyll theme (Thanks to hmfaysal's theme <a href="http://hmfaysal.github.io/Notepad/">Notepad</a>). Learning Kramdown markdown and resolving few issues like Syntax highlighting took sometime. But it was worth it.

So here it is, my new blog. If you like my new setup or want to comment/suggest, feel free to ping. For any future bloggers, I want to point out some links which might make you get interested in Jekyll.

* <a href="http://hmfaysal.github.io/Notepad/webdevelopment/why-jekyll/">Why Jekyll?</a>
* <a href="http://jekyllthemes.org/">Jekyll themes</a>
* <a href="https://pages.github.com/">Git Hub pages</a>

Happy blogging :)

